Team Feedbackathon – Progress Blog

Ideas
Customer Feedback Management System (chosen idea)
Automate the process of categorize customer feedback by taking feedback from different sources and analyse them by creating criteria in terms of the sentiment of the feedback and matching keywords to categorize the feedback for quicker response.
Expense Management System
Take receipts as a picture from a phone or a document and extract the text to automatically retrieve and fill in the parameters like store name, location, date, amount and category.
Origins
The idea was initially formulated by Michael and his involvement the project he works on within Accenture. Within his project, the client has to deal with a great deal of customer feedback, so that they can ultimately review this feedback and provide a better service over all. With customer feedback being an integral part of improving a business, the intention of the application, using HP’s IdolOnDemand APIs, is to automate the process of organising feedback from customers and organising by problems that may be most frequent so that problems can be arranged in order of most important, and addressed easily by the business.
Fundamentals
Using the Sentiment Analysis API, the application can pull in a lot of data (from reviews, for example) and analyse this data in order to work out the ‘sentiment’, whether this be positive, negative or neutral. Within the UI, this will be arranged into a Pie Chart and Word Cloud and each topic will be sorted by a colour in the pie chart based on the sentiment (green for positive etc) and the Word Cloud will provide information on the most frequently used words. The Sentiment Analysis API can also analyse the data in order to decide the topic of the feedback received. Due to the fact some topics may be spelled differently (for example, ‘website’, ‘site’, ‘web site’), the Entity Extraction API will be used in order to pull these similarities and compile the data together to acquire a more accurate reading of the topics.
Extras
Should the fundamentals of the application be complete, there are a number of extra features which would be desirable to feature in the application – in order to make it more useful to the business and make life easier. We would like to make used of the Language Detection API, in order to interpret the language of the feedback received and then passed into the Sentiment Analysis. The Language Detection would enable the business to direct the feedback to the relevant department (should it be a multi-national organisation) and then, with this language information, passed into Sentiment Analysis, which can analyse a number of languages as long as this is specified.
Speech Recognition would also be desirable, as this would be able to take any feedback provided in person (over the phone or in an interview, for example), converted into Text and then passed into the Sentiment Analysis to understand whether this feedback was positive or negative and addressed accordingly.
The Text From Image Recognition API could be used in order to extract text from letter, and in turn, parsed into the Sentiment Analysis in order to provide sentiment information.

Plan
Day 1:
Brainstorming – 1 hour
Planning and Design – 2 hours
Development – Rest of the day

Day 2:
Development – 9am to lunch
Integration – 1 hour
Testing – 2 hours
Documentation and Blog Creation – 1 hour

Progression
Tools
Gradle for build, Git repository, Spring MVC server component with Angularjs and bootstrap for the UI components